>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So now what we can do,
because this is an observable stream,
you can
attach some parameters to this,
or you can filter some things.
So for instance, we can go pipe.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
then from here, let's go filter.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This may break
on the import, hopefully not.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And we could see
that if we go back to our JSON here,
that we have an approved property here.
So some are approved, some are not.
And so what we can do, because I
can't get this import to work right,
I'm just going to show
what this would look like.
You can say, rather,
result.,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Approved.
And it will just say, anything that is
approved, it will allow to go through.
Okay, so with that said,
let's do the short way here.
So this.projects =,
this.projectsService.all().
So right now it's saying,
not an observable, what do we do?
Well, let's go here and
let's turn this into an observable.
So we're going to recast this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I totally
don't know why I did that.
I think the universe is just
laughing at me right now.
Get up there.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
I think we can salvage this.
What we'll also do by convention,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: When
you have an observable stream,
typically you put a dollar sign on
the end of it to indicate that this
is Projects, but it's a stream.
So we'll go down here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Put a dollar sign
on the end of this, there we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go into
our project's component, and
where we are iterating over this,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Is
project of projects.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll do is,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We
need to add in an additional
pipe which is async.
So saying that this is
an asynchronous service.
So what it will do is it's
passing in the observable.
And that asynch pipe is actually taking
that observable, unwrapping it and
making that available.